DemistoUploadFileV2- added option to upload the file as incident attachment (#17898)
demisto/content: Packs/DemistoRESTAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_2_5.md

#### Scripts
##### DemistoUploadFileV2

> - Added *target* argument to the script. Default is `war room entry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *target* argument to set the file target as a war room entry or an incident attachment. Default is "war room entry".
```
